AG/README.md, before:

## AttributeGraph

### update.sh

After making change to Sources, run `update.sh` to update the xcframework.

### tbd

#### Version OS_RELEASE 2021

- iOS's tbd is from https://github.com/xybp888/iOS-SDKs/blob/master/iPhoneOS15.5.sdk/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework/AttributeGraph.tbd
    - Or if you have an iOS 15.5 device, you can make it by `tbd -p --ignore-weak-def-syms -r -v4 "~/Library/Developer/Xcode/iOS DeviceSupport/iPhone16,1 17.2.1 (21C66)/Symbols/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework" -o ./`
- iOS Simulator's tbd is build by `tbd -p --ignore-weak-def-syms -r -v4 "/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Profiles/Runtimes/iOS 15.5.simruntime/Contents/Resources/RuntimeRoot/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework" -o ./`
- macOS's tbd is from macOS 12.3 SDK(bundled with Xcode 13.4.1)

#### Version OS_RELEASE 2024 / 6.5.1

- iOS's tbd is from
    - `https://github.com/xybp888/iOS-SDKs/blob/master/iPhoneOS18.5.sdk/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework/AttributeGraph.tbd` 
- iOS Simulator: 
    - `/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Volumes/iOS_22F77/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Profiles/Runtimes/iOS 18.5.simruntime/Contents/Resources/RuntimeRoot/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework`
    - `xcrun tapi stubify ./AttributeGraph.framework`

- macOS's tbd is from macOS 15.5 SDK (bundled with Xcode 16.4)
    - `/Applications/Xcode-16.4.0.app/Contents/Developer/Platforms/MacOSX.platform/Developer/SDKs/MacOSX15.5.sdk/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework/AttributeGraph.tbd`

- visionOS Simulator:
    - `/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Volumes/xrOS_22O473/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Profiles/Runtimes/xrOS 2.5.simruntime/Contents/Resources/RuntimeRoot/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework`
    - `xcrun tapi stubify ./AttributeGraph.framework`

@_transparent in swiftinterface file is needed since all extension symbol is stripped on this release.

### Update AttributeGraph

See https://github.com/OpenSwiftUIProject/OpenAttributeGraph/blob/main/Scripts/gen_ag_template.sh

Commit message:

Add iOS device link support

AG/README.md, after:

## AttributeGraph

### update.sh

After making change to Sources, run `update.sh` to update the xcframework.

### tbd

#### Version OS_RELEASE 2021

- iOS's tbd is from https://github.com/xybp888/iOS-SDKs/blob/master/iPhoneOS15.5.sdk/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework/AttributeGraph.tbd
    - Or if you have an iOS 15.5 device, you can make it by `tbd -p --ignore-weak-def-syms -r -v4 "~/Library/Developer/Xcode/iOS DeviceSupport/iPhone16,1 17.2.1 (21C66)/Symbols/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework" -o ./`
- iOS Simulator's tbd is build by `tbd -p --ignore-weak-def-syms -r -v4 "/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Profiles/Runtimes/iOS 15.5.simruntime/Contents/Resources/RuntimeRoot/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework" -o ./`
- macOS's tbd is from macOS 12.3 SDK(bundled with Xcode 13.4.1)

#### Version OS_RELEASE 2024 / 6.5.1

- iOS's tbd is from
    - DeviceSupport + iPhone16,1_18.5_(22F76)
    - `xcrun tapi stubify ./AttributeGraph.framework` with Xcode 16.0
    - Empty result -> copy from ios-arm64-x86_64-simulator and remove the Swift symbol part

- iOS Simulator: 
    - `/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Volumes/iOS_22F77/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Profiles/Runtimes/iOS 18.5.simruntime/Contents/Resources/RuntimeRoot/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework`
    - `xcrun tapi stubify ./AttributeGraph.framework`

- macOS's tbd is from macOS 15.5 SDK (bundled with Xcode 16.4)
    - `/Applications/Xcode-16.4.0.app/Contents/Developer/Platforms/MacOSX.platform/Developer/SDKs/MacOSX15.5.sdk/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework/AttributeGraph.tbd`

- visionOS Simulator:
    - `/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Volumes/xrOS_22O473/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Profiles/Runtimes/xrOS 2.5.simruntime/Contents/Resources/RuntimeRoot/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework`
    - `xcrun tapi stubify ./AttributeGraph.framework`

@_transparent in swiftinterface file is needed since all extension symbol is stripped on this release.

### Update AttributeGraph

See https://github.com/OpenSwiftUIProject/OpenAttributeGraph/blob/main/Scripts/gen_ag_template.sh
